9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvonne Man.
>> And I'm David Ingles. We're counting
down to the open of markets in greater
China.
>> And I'm Steven Engle in Beijing where
the stage is now set for President
Trump's face-to-face meetings tomorrow
with Xi Jinping. The US president facing
an emboldened Chinese leader in a
high-stakes summit.
>> Also ahead, Asian stocks under pressure
while the dollar gains and bonds fall
with US inflation data showing the Iran
war's energy market impact.
>> Korean equities are falling after a
sell-off in US chip shares at today's
Samsung is also sliding on the back of
this looming labor strike that could
disrupt operations.
>> Plus Alibaba and Tencent set to report
results later with investors demanding
proof their AI investments are paying
off.
>> Good morning. The setup across these
markets going into fairly consequential
next 72 hours, a complicated
uh tech overlay uh over an increasingly
comp- more complicated geopolitical
overlay as well. And of course you have
this inflation
uh story that's been sort of thrown into
markets right now. So I think going into
the session today we're stable, but we
are coming off some fairly strong
headwinds as far as risk assets go.
Aussie yen likely still to the downside.
The orientation is certainly such. We
are looking at a stronger dollar and we
are looking at a bit of a pullback as
far as Brent prices go. Uh the story
across yields though, this is where
really the pain point really is with
higher inflation. You have a rate hike
that's now being priced at least almost
base case at rates markets.
Uh you have this melt-up in yields
globally. We know what happened of
course in the UK. APAC is actually
tracking what we had on uh as far as
treasuries going. Of course, on top of
all of that, you have this resurgent
metals market that's really perhaps
exacerbating some of the forward-looking
inflation indicators. The other big
story, too, that we're tracking is
Korea, what happened yesterday, and now
the additional
complication there is Samsung and labor
action. We're down 3 and 1/2% on the
stock. That's enough to pull down the
benchmark. Taiwan is coming online 1.6%
and then we have an earning story to
tell you about jd.com reacting quite
well, bucking the overall downtrend
overnight. One stock, of course, we're
tracking going into the open today. And
then, of course, we also have the big
ones. We have Tencent and Alibaba all
set to report later today.
>> Yeah, it's a pretty key day here as well
before even, you know, President Trump
lands in Beijing. So, certainly there's
a lot on tap in the tech space. We
talked about what's going on with
Samsung here and really how those
negotiations are are seeming to be
breaking down and really leads to a lot
of disruptions in the whole global
supply chain and the like. But, let's
bring it back to our top story.
President Trump now en route to Beijing
for his highly anticipated meeting with
Chinese leader Xi Jinping. Sent to our
team on the ground in the Chinese
capital our chief North Asia
correspondent Stephen Engle alongside
the Asia trade co-anchor Heidi Stroud
Watts. Steve, I'll start with you. It's
going to be a 36-hour affair.
Lots at stake here, but walk us through
what we've heard so far.
>> Well, a lot is at stake, obviously. I
mean, you and I were there in Korea when
they last met in person in Busan and you
know, a lot has changed. A war has
erupted in the Middle East, the oil
shock and the power crunch, obviously,
and there's concerns about the
recessionary effects of that. Never mind
what the stock markets around the world
have been doing.
But, again, you know,
this
summit that's going to be really sort of
truncated into a 36-hour span starting
later tonight when he arrives Donald
Trump and Air Force One arrives just
after 7:00 p.m. They're going to have a
meeting at the Great Hall of the People
just down the moat here
in Tiananmen Square tomorrow morning
10:15 a.m. They're going to tour the
Temple of Heaven in southern Beijing and
then they're also going to have a
working lunch tomorrow before I excuse
me the following day Friday before he
heads back to Washington. Uh in
mid-afternoon or actually early
afternoon. So there's a lot to cover and
when Donald Trump as he embarked for the
Beijing trip he's on his way right now
talked about Iran war not necessarily
being on the agenda or high on the
agenda. That's sort of hard to believe
because it's at the backdrop of just
about everything that is likely to be
discussed here. Yes, Donald Trump is
bringing a gaggle of executives. He
hopes to have you know the highlight of
this trip being commercial deals whether
it's Boeing airplanes, beef, soybeans,
maybe chips are on the line. Qualcomm
CEO is going to be in that contingent.
We're also going to have Elon Musk here.
We have Tim Cook of Apple among other US
executives. So we'll have to see there's
a lot yet to be determined what's going
to happen over the next couple of days
whether the commercial deals that are
going to be signed or not signed and how
much is going to be talked about with in
regards to the oil shock and the war in
um
the Middle East.
>> Steve, I find it really interesting. You
know and as as you've spoken about
leading up to the summit and also the
dates have obviously having changed from
the previous expectations that this was
going to take place last month. A lot of
these issues, the potential deliverables
tend to be hashed out well ahead of when
the two leaders actually meet, right?
And to To end we've got uh Secretary
Scott Bessent in Korea today meeting
with his Chinese counterpart Hualifong
to just square away presumably some of
these last-minute details before
President Trump and Air Force One lands
in Beijing. But you said it, Iran really
will dominate the the mood in the room
regardless of whether President Trump
says it's going to be the key priority
or not because we know that Beijing has
that key strategic relationship, the
diplomatic relationship with Taiwan. We
know that they're the biggest buyer of
Iranian crude as well and they're
supplying that revenue into the country
and to the Islamic Republic. And we also
know that there have been sort of these
conversations going on when it comes to
uh weapons supply as well. Whether or
not Beijing will use that as a point of
leverage will be what we're watching out
for. And I think uh you know, David and
Avondale, that that that point of who
comes into this with stronger leverage
is a fascinating one. Right, we're
looking at the two uh
power players in the world, the two
biggest economies, uh truly the greatest
uh power and competitive and strategic
competition of our time. And we know
that the Chinese economy has been on a
weaker footing. Uh arguably it's
stabilized going into this meeting. We
know that President Trump is also coming
under pressure with the US economy,
inflation, pump prices front and center
as we head into those midterms, too.
>> Yeah, perfect segue, Heidi. In fact, on
that I want to bring Steve back in. So,
Steve, with some of the obvious and
perhaps not so obvious deliverables here
uh that China could give the the US
president, I mean I mean in some ways
Donald Trump could go home and China
indirectly helping him win the upcoming
midterm elections. Do you think Trump
needs Xi more than she needs Trump at
this point, Steve?
>> Yeah, that's uh a point of
interpretation, obviously. And that
that's why I think the dynamic will be
very interesting to see uh what position
Xi Jinping, at least publicly and
outwardly, uh he has on the war in Iran.
And
and and how that necessarily plays out
for China. I mean, some of the the talk
that has been
batted about here in the lead-up to this
summit is who has more leverage right
now. And you could clearly say that the
campaign that Donald Trump waged last
year with tariffs has been has lost a
few teeth, to to put it mildly, because
of the Supreme Court ruling and also
another court ruling that shut down
other tariffs. So, he comes to Beijing
on Beijing turf with less firepower on
the leverage front with tariffs and also
with the war in
Iran not necessarily going as quickly as
they had promised when the war began.
When I was standing in this exact spot
in early March, we were learning about
the first missiles being sent into Iran.
Now, fast forward what, 11 weeks or
thereabouts later, the war is still
going on, albeit with a fragile truce.
So, again, he comes to Beijing a bit
weakened because he did not necessarily
fulfill all the objectives, even though
he says the war is
firmly in control.
>> Yeah, and I think you're right. You got
to great line about this that, you know,
China, given the last sort of before the
the last you know, APEC and Busan, they
learned that in some ways this this
leverage that they have around rare
earths is going to be the biggest Trump
card for them. And then and as what they
said is they they've solved Trump in
some ways. That's why Beijing seems to
be a bit more emboldened this time
around. Tim, thank you so much, of
course, for that context there. That was
our chief North Asia correspondent
Stephen Engle and Heidi Stroh Watts
from, of course, The Asia Trade. A look
at some of the guests joining in on our
program ahead of meeting between Trump
and Xi. We're going to hear from
Shanghai Institute for International
Studies Shalvey Tune. She thinks
specific achievements from this may
actually be limited. Plus, we'll be
talking rare earths with Rand Professor
of policy analysis as critical minerals
remain a key issue between both sides.
>> All right. The other big story we're
tracking is what's happening in Korea
with the Samsung story over 2 days. Have
a look at where we have where the stock
has been. So, we're now down 4 and 1/2.
This is over 2 days, of course.
The latest development on the Samsung
story, apart from obviously the chip
sell-off that we saw overnight, is this
the failure to reach a last-minute wage
agreement with its largest labor union.
It's certainly heightening the risk here
of a strike that could come. That's the
operative word there. Let's bring Sangmi
Chae out of Seoul with us, our Asia
equities reporter who's been on top of
the Samsung and Korea story
for us this week. What does this
potential strike mean
for Samsung here, Sangmi?
>> David, so Samsung and the union actually
just came off of 17-hour
negotiation. This is a marathon
negotiation for 2 days, and they still
failed to come to an agreement.
Now, the union is
demanding a 15%
of the
the company's operating profit into
their bonus pool, whereas the company is
saying we can do 10% and also one-off
compensation package. Now, they're
citing SK Hynix, its rival, that already
has allocated 10% to its bonus pool last
year. And so, Samsung workers are
demanding why not can we do the same?
So,
now going back to the 18-day walkout
that is in just 7 days, unless there is
an injunction from the court of Suwon
that is granted, they will be going
ahead with this 18-day walkout. And that
could potentially erode some of these
Samsung earnings, and that's why a lot
of the banks, a lot of the sell-side
analysts have been
cautioning against these stocks
last week. So, we have been seeing those
moves happening from yesterday.
And so, this could actually also impact
the supply chain. The AI supply chain is
very heavily reliant on
the HBM and the DRAMs that are created
by Samsung as well. So, an 18-day
walkout would mean a quite of a huge
blow to this
AI disruption.
>> Sung Mi, thank you, Sung Mi our Asia
equity supporter. It is worth pointing
out that this decline we're seeing in
the KOSPI is almost purely a Samsung
story as we were just showing you. SK
Hynix, in fact, also the robotic stocks
of Hyundai Hyundai Mobis are actually on
the way up as we speak. Maybe as a
somewhat of a counterweight there to the
weight out of Samsung. Right,
as we go into the open today, Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and here in Hong Kong. So, we
have earnings index. We talked about
Tencent and also Alibaba. We will leave
you with live pictures outside the
Forbidden City in Beijing as we move
into
this upcoming summit. And we are
expecting the US president to land in
Beijing later today. Lots more ahead.
This is the China show.
Welcome back. Yeah, so we're waking up
today
the other big story was that hotter than
expected inflation prints. And as you
can see, relative to March, relative to
estimates, we did obviously see a pick
up there. But the the debate is still
whether this is transitory and whether
or not this is the start or whether this
is a start of an uptrend in inflation
there in the US.
>> Yeah, and and it's interesting, right?
And we knew that there was going to be a
hot number. I think the big question is
for how long, right? And I think from
what Bloomberg Economics and Anna Wong
and her team are saying is that this
this print actually gives a little bit
more for the transitory side of the
debate here right now because they say,
you know, price increases were hot and
expected areas, right? We talk about
gasoline, we talk about air fares. But
you take a look at some of these
discretionary, you know,
sectors here, right? Certainly there
seems to be that under the hood core
inflation they say is showing signs of
cooling off. And it's similar to kind of
what we saw uh post-COVID sort of the
types of things as well or you know,
just even these some of these
tariff-related induced goods or some
they've been talking about. Though even
those signs are seeing signs of easing.
So
and that's encouraging that they say at
least for now that maybe this is just a
short-term sort of spike in prices for
now.
>> Okay, that's the view from Bloomberg
Economics. Uh Francis Cheung is with us
out of Singapore. She's head of FX and
rate strategy at OCBC Bank. Francis,
what do you think?
>> Uh so there is certainly some inflation
risk especially for the near term. So
far of course the observation is that
most of the pick up in inflation is due
to direct impact through the energy
components. We do know that the core
inflation seems to be showing some
stabilization. However, the contribution
from core services has also pick up
somewhat and from food as well. So I
guess for now the market is really on
high guard against the inflation risk.
However, I think at this juncture with
the Fed facing with a dual mandate the
default option is probably that for the
Fed to just stay put for now at least
for the next couple of meetings.
>> Okay. Um
So maybe just put are they going to be
on hold for the rest of the year? I mean
>> Okay, I I understand that the market is
starting to price yes.
>> Yeah. But they're they're starting to
price in hikes, right? Is it more about
pausing for the rest of the year or
actually could they have to have to
squeeze in a hike later on this year?
>> Yeah, we we think actually the bar for
the Fed to decide to hike interest rate
is quite high.
So let's think about two scenarios,
right? In the scenario where there is
some easing in energy prices going into
the later part of the year, premise on
some form of the escalation into
politics, then the Fed is probably going
to be able to see through this
transitory inflation shocks. And the Fed
may even be looking for opportunity to
deliver one more interest rate cut in
view of the weakening labor market. And
in another scenario, let's think about
it. Energy prices stay elevated for a
longer period of time. Then, very
probably that the growth impact would
kick in. And with a dual mandate again,
that would complicate the Fed's reaction
function. And that would also limit the
room for the Fed to hike interest rates.
So, on our forecast profile, we don't
have a hike, and we even still keep one
interest rate cut, but of course that is
premise on some easing in energy prices
and to guard against the downside risk
to growth. Should the second-round
inflation impact, I think that is really
the key, right? So, whether inflation is
transitory, we have to look at the
pass-through. It's true not only for the
Fed, but for other central banks as
well. Should second-round inflation
impact become more permanent, then of
course the window of opportunity for the
Fed to cut would be closed. So, the
bottom line is I think at this juncture
the best is just to do nothing.
>> Okay. So, across G10, I mean, we just
showed on screens right now that the US
10-year yield is at about the highest in
about a year, give or take. We know of
course that's been happening on the long
end of the gilt market. So, across G10
with yields picking up, whether or not
we think it's a hawkish or a hold, have
opportunities emerged in G10 because of
the value that's emerged in rates there,
Francis, in your view?
>> Yeah, we actually are comparing across
all the market pricings, and in
particular in the UK, we think the
market pricing of the BOE policy path
ahead is awfully hawkish. And the gilts
have already been sold off massively and
underperformed a lot of the other DM
bonds uh primarily because of the
inflation expectations. And indeed, if
you look at the curve uh as reflected by
breakevens, uh inflation expectations
have risen much more in the gilt market
compared to Treasuries uh or Aussie
government bonds, etc. And adding to
that would be the uh local politics. Uh
the key question is whether the fiscal
rule would be adhered to. And at this
juncture, I think an investor would stay
cautious. Uh however, uh we do think
that uh the room for Bank of England to
deliver interest rate hike is quite
limited uh given where the bank rate is
at a very restrictive level uh unlike
the case for the ECB, for example. And
uh also we're expecting uh the UK wage
growth to continue to deteriorate. So,
uh when markets stabilize, uh we think
there could be a fair bit of chance that
the market reprice the lower the uh
interest rate hike probability uh for
the UK market. And that may potentially
benefit the front end of the gilt curve.
>> I was going to get your take on I mean,
yes, we have to assess the energy impact
on inflation, but we're starting to see
this AI boom
being reflected in in the data as well.
Whether you take a look at the export
numbers and import numbers in China, the
current accounts have swelled in in
Korea as well as in places like Taiwan.
I'm just wondering, is that going to be
a factor in in how central banks are
going to think about hiking rates moving
forward? I mean, Goldman just came out
saying, "Look, the BOK's going to have
to hike twice later on this year because
of this whole AI-fueled boom."
>> Okay, actually, the AI boom I think
would impact interest rate decisions
through two channels. Again, it is
through inflation and growth. The growth
impact may be a bit more like imminent
because you see, as you mentioned, the
current account exports growth are very
resilient. But uh taking a step back,
right, it would be able to also contain
a kind of inflation pressure through
improved productivity. I think that is
some central banks that have has been
doing a lot of analysis on. In fact,
some of the central banks are still
keeping rate on hold because this
expected improved productivity is going
to at least cut or mitigate some
inflation pressure from the oil prices,
the elevation of the oil prices. So, I
won't say that this is a one-way train
that because of the AI boom that would
prompt central bank to hike interest
rate as such.
>> Mhm.
>> Francis, obviously the big summit is
taking place today,
this week.
You know, the the currency, the Chinese
currency tends to strengthen into
these sorts of meetings. It certainly
showed that on spot, risk reversals are
skewed bullish, implied vaults
collapsed. Is is is the trade simply
one-way now on the Chinese currency?
>> Yeah, you're right to point out that
there is the or there has always been
the perception that the PBOC would be
more willing to allow RMB appreciation
ahead of the these kind of a very
high-level meeting such as the one this
week. And given the
potential positioning because of this
reason, then of course you cannot rule
out that there could be some upside to
dollar CNH when the meeting comes and
goes. However, regardless of that, we
believe that the policy direction is for
a measured pace of RMB appreciation. And
especially on days where the dollar
itself is soft. So, the book the break
below the 680 handle, I think it is
quite notable because we do note that
between the current level and the next
level, there seems to be not too much
support for dollar CNH. So, the next
level we would be looking at would be
672. However, the upside 682. So, we
would be looking at this kind of range
for the RMB.
>> All right.
>> Mhm.
>> 67,
it's certainly the next
>> 672 and 682. Yeah.
>> Okay, 672 and 682. Francis, it's great
to have you. Thank you so much. Francis
Chan there, head of FX and rates
strategy at OCBC Bank. Yeah, I just
wanted to say 67, right? I'm just
kidding. All right, we're taking a look
at what it comes to JD.com shares. There
you go. Earnings came out yesterday
there, and there you go.
Uh we're seeing 3% upside for the stock
here. Of course, this as we get closer
to Alibaba and Tencent reporting as
well. But yes, rising in the pre-market
here right now. Putting more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
All right, we're taking a look at what
it comes to JD.com there. When it came
to the earnings, it was actually a beat.
So certainly it shows signs that maybe
now these curbs on the food delivery war
might be actually helping the company.
Now, 122 for the stock here right now.
Of course, PopMart is a big one here. JD
Logistics is also doing quite well. The
PopMart there, first quarter revenue
growth topped expectations. They really
helped by the momentum they saw in
China. So we got plenty more coming up,
including chips. There you go.
On the downside here today here. The
open is next.
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. So we're obviously looking ahead
to this very consequential meeting
coming through in the next few hours or
so. The two biggest economies, leaders
of both of course are meeting.
It's going to be the first time of
course a US president is visiting
mainland China since Donald Trump
actually visited I think back in 2017 if
I'm not mistaken. It's the first in 10
years. That's against a backdrop of this
re-emergent Asian export powerhouse
story where
you have China, you have Taiwan, you
have Korea, you have Japan.
And we're going to talk about this
Morgan Stanley note. So across almost
all their practices, right? So Chetan
Ahya and his team have upgraded uh the
forecast on growth because of this
export resilience across those
economies.
Uh they've upgraded the index target,
they've upgraded growth. So I think
that's a really good backdrop against
which this this meeting is taking place.
>> And I think you're starting to see it,
right? I think the economists are are
really breaking down those export
numbers that we got uh over the weekend
and say, "Look, when you look under the
hood, you know, AI is transforming the
flow of goods into and out of China here
right now. And that's where the
resilience really lies here. And they're
even thinking imports could you know, is
set to actually overtake exports
uh for you know, and which hasn't
happened for some time. So certainly
that sort of resilience is what's really
kind of leading to why people you know,
in the narrative is that President Trump
and President Xi as they meet, she is a
bit more emboldened given the position
that he is in right now uh given the
fact the economy seems to be showing
signs of reflation. Although Robin Xing
from you know, from their team is saying
it's a narrow sort of reflation story uh
where you have domestic consumption that
still lags, but certainly um signs are
looking little bit better. But here's
what onshore markets are doing as we
count down of course to President Trump
uh landing in Beijing later on tonight.
We're we're slightly on the back foot
here. Um we're down just about 4/10 of
1% for the CSI 300. Um you're seeing
Capricorn Tech. So maybe that's the
Samsung effect even the drop that we're
seeing on the back of those wage
negotiations that have broken down. So
now there's this fear of a strike. Uh
what does that mean for the overall
global supply chain? And certainly
you're seeing Capricorn Tech fall close
to 2% at the early get-go. Um you know,
we'll take a look at how Hong Kong is
doing as well because certainly we're
going to see the tech space it was on
offer um when we were looking at the
pre-market here as we count down to
Alibaba and Tencent that are set to
report earnings. Um, but you are
starting to see likes of jd.com that
actually did have a beat when it came to
those earnings. Does that bode well for
of course the e-commerce food delivery
type? You see Meituan actually have a
pretty positive effect here right now.
We're up close to 2% for that company,
but Baba and Tencent both are in the red
this morning. Uh, 679 for dollar China
here right now. There seems to be as
Dave mentioned, right? Vol is quite low.
Everything seems to be the stars
aligning for further upside when it
comes to this trade. So certainly we'll
see and watch this as we of course count
down to that meeting. That could be seen
this move of a stronger RMB as a bit of
an olive branch uh for the US as well of
keeping that currency strong. Uh, in the
get-go we're taking a look at what it
comes to this debut, right? So we're
talking about Medis
Tech Bio. So this is a first day of
trade there. There you go.
>> Medis.
>> 176%
in terms of gains there. Um, so
certainly doing pretty well and yeah,
Tech Bio. So certainly those are all of
our favorite sort of sectors here. You
put those together and there you go,
boom. A very good first day of trade.
Copper stocks, we've been talking about
not just the energy complex, but yeah,
when it comes to copper prices and the
like that seems to be showing signs
of continued
>> Wow.
>> Uh, you know, Dr. Copper and growth is
looking pretty strong, right? There you
go. Some of these miners are doing quite
well here this morning. And of course we
still got to talk about earnings. So JD,
JD Logistics, Tencent Music, and Mart
all reported uh yesterday. jd.com um
came out with that beat as as we
mentioned here. Can we flip the boards,
guys? Uh, we saw pretty big moves when
it came to JD Logistics as well. So 5 to
6% gains for both of those companies.
Pop Mart is also on the rise here. So
sales that beat expectations here on
China momentum, the growth there. Still
a lot of questions about overseas growth
though.
>> Yes, where when you look at other
industries like so we talked about EVs
as a really big engine of export growth
last year. And who would have thought
it's EVs and then AI exports would be
the ones this year, right? And that's
actually prompted Morgan Stanley We just
mentioned this at Robin Xing and his
team here. Strong exports plus AI and
green capex have prompted the bank to
lift their predictions for the Chinese
economy here.
Rather small upgrade about 0.1
percentage points here to 4.8% this
year. They've also nicked their
expectations of easing.
Um and they're also looking at uh a year
and forecast revision here for uh the
Chinese currency.
>> Yeah, I mean, it's interesting, right?
Because when you when you look at that
export numbers and the trade numbers
that we got,
you know, as much as you're you're talk
about, you know, the US and China
divorcing in this whole economic
relationship and and of course that's
still underway in full swing. But when
you look at how AI is actually in some
ways in the in the scale of the
integration that you need, right?
They're saying that, you know, of course
the US is still the biggest in terms of
investment into AI.
But when it comes to China, they're now
the largest exporter, according to
Standard Chartered, of AI-related
components, right? Whether it's
integrated circuits, whether it's these
legacy chips, maybe not the advanced
chips. But you're starting to see that
really being put in the data there that
AI is going to be really driving a lot
of these numbers now.
>> Was up 100% in the last trade numbers,
right? 30-plus billion.
Um and as much as we talk about this
sort of
uh trying to disentangle the trade
relationship between the two.
>> It's actually pulling them together.
>> It's actually pulling them together,
right? Donald Trump has been very
uh vocal uh to to push investment in AI.
And that massive capex spend we're
seeing out of mag seven that's going
into They're buying from this part of
the world, right? They're buying from
Taiwan, they're buying from Korea. This
massive AI spend that's going throughout
of the Chinese supply system
uh
into the rest of the world. Uh that's
also just to say when you look at that,
too, that's also bleeding into the banks
Morgan Stanley's index targets. So,
they've also revised those to
uh
their targets are 28 4 on Hang Seng, 24
20 28,400 Hang Seng, 91 on MSCI China,
9,900 on Hang Seng China, and 5,400 on
the CSI 300. So, we're talking
uh
modest double-digit gains. But, yes, we
have some news here.
>> Uh this is interesting. So, yesterday we
were talking about who's the delegation
that's been traveling with President
Trump. We just have a headline that's
crossing the terminal that uh Nvidia's
Jensen Huang
is boarding Air Force One in Alaska
en route to China.
>> I wonder if he was hiking and then they
picked him up.
>> picked him up.
>> On the way. No, but yes, okay, so he is
going
>> going.
>> So, he is going to Beijing. Unless Air
Force One is not going to Beijing,
that's the big news. No, I'm I'm
kidding. But, yes, what what a headline
there.
>> Yeah, yesterday we were talking about it
it might have been a blow for for Nvidia
given that they were not part of this
delegation to Beijing. Um and what does
that mean when it comes to, you know,
tech and export controls? Are we going
to see any sort of breakthrough from
that? The fact that now he's going,
maybe there is possibility of some news
that could happen here, right? They've
been all obviously trying to open up and
really kind of sell their chips to China
once again. Um but, this makes it a lot
more interesting, I think. The fact that
yeah, Jensen Huang heading to China.
>> There we go. Uh there was clearly one
more one more seat available.
I wonder if it was full and they if they
had to bump anyone. Okay, now it's got
red red red now. Red headline crossing
your Bloomberg terminal. The White House
has now confirmed the Nvidia boss is
joining President Trump's US delegation
as he heads, of course, to uh to
mainland China. He is en route. He's
expected to land, of course, Air Force
One is expected to land over the next
few hours or so. So, stay tuned for that
conversation. Right. Um back back to uh
the earning story. And I think jd.com
really gave us something to talk about
yesterday with the market reaction
overnight and certainly the reaction
we're seeing currently uh here in Hong
Kong.
>> Yeah, let let's bring in our Bloomberg
Intelligence uh senior analyst Catherine
Lim. She joins us now. Uh Catherine,
yeah, so it looks like it was a pretty
good set of numbers for for JD. What was
your take overall?
>> Right. Indeed, I guess, you know, the
profit beat was the one that actually
came through. And, you know, you could
actually see the company actually, you
know, turning more positive about the
outlook. And obviously, it is coming
from a very low base.
Again, I will remind everyone that, you
know, the first quarter, you know, we
were already expecting a profit decline
because
you know, delivery war literally started
in the second quarter of last year. So,
we're now going into, you know, three
more quarters of very low base, you
know, the the subsidies, the perks, it's
not going to be, you know, as severe as
before. And I would say that for jd.com,
don't forget that they have actually
shifted the external, you know, part of
that food delivery business to JD
Logistics. So, you know, you now kind of
have to look at all three businesses.
But, overall, all three did well, you
know, in first quarter. And really, that
means that, you know, in the next three
months, oh, sorry, the three quarters to
actually come, we should be actually,
you know, see much more stronger numbers
coming from jd.com.
>> That's interesting. What does this mean
for for Baba that that reports later on
today, Catherine? It seems like
investors, they really want to see if
this AI spending is really paying off
now.
>> Right. And we will really see that only
coming through in the second quarter,
you know, the third quarter. And why I
say that is because, you know, don't
forget that during the Chinese New Year,
Alibaba was also spending on campaigns
to actually drive, you know, Quinn into,
you know, their different ecosystem,
whether it is, you know, Amap, you know,
we had Fliggy, we have Ele.me, etc. So,
you're going to see that actually also
hitting their books in the first
quarter. Essentially, it's the physical
fourth quarter for Alibaba. And then
coming through into the second quarter,
we're going to see whether, you know, as
they actually um seemingly recede on
some of these perks itself, are they
able to actually retain these customers
that they have actually brought on board
as a result of, you know, perks that
they have actually thrown in. And now
that, you know, um
when is now part of Taobao's um
marketplace, um you know, you're going
to see whether into the 618 shopping
festival we're going to see more
movements coming from Alibaba in terms
of campaigns and roll out. Question mark
there.
>> Okay, Katherine, thank you. Katherine
Lim uh with a recap of JD and a preview
uh Baba later uh later today. Okay, um
on the back of the breaking news we
talked about here that's uh Jensen Huang
is joining
the US president. He just boarded Air
Force One in Alaska on in route to to to
to Beijing. Uh we are looking at shares
of Nvidia. Uh all trading platform, of
course, after hours in the US is now
shut, I believe, at this point in time,
but shares are responding to to that
news. We're up 2.1% and of course this
is a mention that earnings, of course,
out of Nvidia. So, you'll probably have
to make his way back to the US uh around
this time next week is also something,
of course, to watch. Lots more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Okay, um all roads or airspace leads to
Beijing. Um of course, uh the breaking
news, of course, the White House has
confirmed that the Nvidia boss, Jensen
Huang, um is joining the US delegation
led by the US president en route to
China, en route to Beijing. Shares are
reacting as far as Nvidia is concerned.
Let's bring in Haidy Drew of course who
is in Beijing for us, our Asia trade
co-anchor to tell us wow, some early
developments here Haidy, we weren't
expecting this one.
>> Yeah, you guys said it. This has just
made the trip that a little bit a lot
more interesting, right? Because there
were some concerns about well, is AI
really going to be on the agenda despite
it being on everyone's agenda, right?
Whether you're a government, a
regulator, or an investor. But as thus
far before this latest development, Meta
was really the only kind of presence
that suggested that this would be a
major topic of discussion. Now that we
know that Jensen Huang will be on board
Air Force One, will be headed to
Beijing, will be part of this
delegation, it changes things quite
dramatically. There was quite a bit of
speculation because it was a very
notable omission, right? We know that
Jensen Huang has uh struck up a close
relationship with President Trump last
year. We had the president really
touting his relationship with the CEO of
the
world's most valuable company. And
uh you know, even going so far as to
loosen those export controls that allow
Nvidia to ship those H200 uh products
chips I should say to to China. So,
which you know, obviously then also
raised uh some of the chagrin and
eyebrows of some of the more notable
China hawks in Washington as well. So,
it came as something of a notable and
striking omission that Jensen Huang's
name wasn't on that original list of US
delegates, a business delegation headed
over there with President Trump. We've
had that confirmation.
Whether that was sort of just for
dramatic effect or that that's been
announced now, uh perhaps we won't know.
But this sort of changes the perspective
as to what might be the discussion
priorities when that delegation when
President Trump lands in Beijing later
on Wednesday evening. Uh there's a lot
to be discussed, particularly in the
backdrop of what we've known about these
concerns over Anthropic's mythos for
example. We've seen many countries and
governments and regulators around the
world taking uh firmer action and really
flagging their concerns about the impact
on uh their regulatory systems, on their
financial systems. Will we see that from
China as well? That's going to be a key
point of contention. This will also
potentially mean that Jensen Huang will
be able to get his business agenda
front and center as well, to be able to
get that flow of AI accelerators
headed in the right direction. He's
really going to need to kind of plead
his case along with the other delegates
that have come from that business group,
right? These are all companies, Apple,
uh Boeing, for example, Elon Musk with
Tesla, all companies that have exposure
to still that critical Chinese market of
an event.
>> All right, Heidi. Thanks so much. Heidi
Swartz there, Asia trade co-anchor in
Beijing. Yeah, say hi to Jensen for us
when you see him.
Um joining us now from Shanghai is
Shaoyu Chen, senior fellow at the Center
for American Studies at the Shanghai
Institute for International Studies.
It's a Chinese think tank that provides
foreign policy recommendations to the
central government. Uh Yuchen, thank you
so much for for joining us. First and
foremost, I I think leading up to this,
there was a lot of I guess people
thought it would be pretty limited in
what the two sides could achieve. What
are your expectations?
>> Um first of all, good morning. Thank you
very much for having me today. I think
basically uh from Shanghai, uh my
personal view is that there were two
keywords here uh for this uh coming
visit of the President Trump to China.
The first keyword is stabilization.
Uh all of us know that there were a lot
of difficulties and differences in this
bilateral relations, but at least the
two presidents want very much to engage
with each other and try to manage the
disputes and differences. So, currently,
the top-level exchanges uh is the most
important factor that drive this
bilateral relationship or to stabilize
this bilateral relationship. And also,
this visit can pave the way for the next
uh several rounds of exchanges between
the two presidents this year. And the
second keyword is a recalibration.
I think several things. The first is the
goal of this bilateral relationship.
It's not about to cut have conflict with
each other. Not to about China replace
the United States as a lot of people in
Washington think. But it's more about
peaceful coexistence. The second is
about
the way of interaction. I think China
says several times we need to have
respectful interaction way. Yeah.
>> In as far as
business deals
are are concerned, it's quite a big
delegation that the US president is is
is bringing with him here across many
industries and we not sure you just
heard
that on AI and chips Nvidia's Jensen
Huang is also headed to Beijing right
now.
What are the expectations we should have
in as far as business deals are
concerned?
>> About the
the news that Jensen Huang is also going
to Beijing. I think I guess my guess is
the president Trump made this a
decision. It means that president Trump
very much wants
visible outcomes to show to the domestic
audience and also it's very much a
business oriented because a lot of the
national security people in Washington
opposed Jensen Huang's
company president Trump to visit
Beijing. And also other things like I
guess president Trump want very much
that Chinese purchase
the US agriculture products, energy
products and other things in order to
strengthen his domestic support because
a lot of the farmers, agricultural
groups, they are asking president for
help. And
other things that
I think the business the trade outcomes
of this visit can show to the people
around the world that
economic trade relationship is still the
most important part for this bilateral
relations. Yeah.
>> You said it it
the narrative I think in domestically in
China is that you know, she seems to
have more leverage going into this this
meeting given the fact that the economy
has been quite resilient. Uh they
they've learned in some ways that you
know, using rare earth is is the key
sort of leverage that they have in
negotiations. Would Would you agree with
that sort of narrative that China is
entering into these talks on stronger
footing than the US?
>> Um personally I agree with this. If you
compare this visit with the 9 years ago
a President Trump during his the first
term visited Beijing. At that time
Beijing or most of the Chinese people
were very anxious or worrying about the
future of China-US relations because of
President Trump launched the tariff war
against China. But this year as you have
said that
overall China has become more confident
and also Beijing has prepared for the
tariff war between two countries for
period of time. And also the high-tech
area development like deep sea and other
cases have
given the Chinese people and also the
policy makers in Beijing much more
confidence about our own strength. But
overall I would say the resilience of
China-US relation has gone beyond the
most of people's expectation. I would
try to
say that don't look at this visit or a
China-US relations from who wins who
lose. It's a long-term
relationship not only about winning or
losing. Yeah.
>> Yeah, I mean that that tends to be some
of the parts of the conversation, it
being zero zero sum where, you know, we
we we all win if both can coexist
peacefully
uh and and quietly, hopefully.
Uh the the potential
sticking point here is Taiwan.
How do you think that comes up, Yuchen?
>> Uh first of all, Taiwan question is the
most important and sensitive issue in
our bilateral relations. I think
President Xi would tell our President
Trump that uh try to be very cautious on
uh US policy towards Taiwan. And uh
because this is the most um
uh uh potential issue that will cause
direct military conflict between our two
countries. So, uh
Washington should not misread or
misjudge Beijing's position and also our
policy. This is the first thing. The
second is about arms sales. Um uh
President Trump said he would try to uh
discuss uh with President Xi about this
issue. Uh
I guess uh possibly there are two
reasons. I don't um it's just my guess.
First, uh is President Trump may look at
this issue just like a foreign trade
issue. So, he thinks that he can
negotiate a negotiation with uh
President Xi on this. Second, he looks
at this he thinks that the arms sale and
also the Taiwan question has become an
obstacle for him to stabilize uh the
US-China relationship. So, personally, I
hope that it's uh the second view that
um um he would uh uh talk with uh
President Xi about this. Uh because I
think if the United States continue to
sell big package of uh weapons to Taiwan
and also to strengthen the military ties
between US and Taiwan, uh definitely,
Beijing would uh uh take very strong
countermeasures and that would blow our
bilateral relationship uh hugely. Yeah.
>> Hsiao Bi-khim, thank you. so much for
the time. Senior fellow there at Center
for American studies at the Shanghai
Institute for international studies.
Right,
as we were just having the conversation
and yeah, this line out of Jensen Huang
coming through that he is joining at the
delegation might actually be showing up
and and as far as Samsung is concerned
here. Could that be it? That's a very
loose sort of tie together those two
stories, but that's just to say that
Samsung is now completely reversed its
earlier weakness. Lots more ahead.
>> All right, now for check of markets
here. It is maybe the Jensen Huang
effect here once again. So the last
couple minutes the White House has
confirmed that the Nvidia boss is on Air
Force One and joining President Trump in
this last minute addition. That's kind
of lifting a lot of the chip space here
this morning and yeah, we're seeing SK
Hynix up some 3 and 1/2 and Samsung
Electronics erasing most of their losses
since this morning.
>> Yeah, I might have been in the wait
list.
>> Yeah, in Alaska.
>> In Alaska saving him from somewhat of a
still very
very chilly spring time of course there.
So that's lifting the tide and as you
can see Nasdaq futures are now up as
well two tenths of 1%.
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session and yeah, the sunny skies in
Beijing as we of course await for
President Trump to arrive in the Chinese
capital here as he is set to meet with
President Xi tomorrow. But yeah, look
who's on Air Force One, Dave.
>> Well, we understand that Jensen Huang is
on Air Force One.
>> Elon Musk.
>> Elon Musk is on Air Force One. So,
really just give you a sense of it's
it's it's a Boeing plane.
Um so, Boeing's going to be on deck,
right?
>> B's.
>> The three B's.
>> Beans, beef, and Boeing.
>> Yes, that's some the buying of soybeans.
>> Yes.
>> The buying of soybeans, right? So, in
fact, you know, markets have traded on
this upcoming summit. I know largely the
news flow has been dominated by Iran and
or
the AI rally. But silently, markets have
been positioning ahead of this rally in
the form of a stronger currency.
>> Yeah.
>> Soybeans and wheat, for example, have
been really really picking up and it's
really the inflation story that's also
come up as well in these markets going
>> Yeah, I mean, I think China has been
honoring that agreement that was set
last year at in South Korea about buying
uh the amount of soybeans that they were
targeting. So, certainly that end of the
bargain, they actually have delivered.
So, is there a room for more in these
discussions here? That certainly is one
thing on terms of agricultural purchases
and the like. Um that could be just the
low-hanging fruit, though, right? When
you talk about Jensen Huang heading to
Beijing, I think there's now a lot of
speculation on what this discussion
around tech export control is going to
look like here right now and how Jensen
is going to be using this opportunity to
really sell that case to China, right?
Because I think up until this point,
Chinese officials have not really
allowed for a lot of these companies to
actually um take these Nvidia chips for
now. Right? So, this whole
self-sufficiency sort of story continues
on and it is really what's fueling a lot
of um the the export numbers that we've
seen, import numbers that we've seen in
China as well. But certainly, today
markets are doing uh relatively speaking
okay. Uh we thought we were going to see
a sell-off just given the US CPI print
was a bit more on the hotter side, but
um you look under the hood, BEA says,
you know, core inflation still seeing
signs of cooling. So, uh this one might
be more of a that helps the transitory
camp here. Um but yes, you're seeing
markets are slightly better. KOSPI's
recovering here thanks to what Samsung
is doing, right? Since we heard got that
headline, um, we basically have reversed
all the losses uh, given that this is
this is concerns around these wage talks
when it comes to the labor unions there.
Uh, now there's concerns of a strike.
Uh, but now with Jensen Huang heading to
China, maybe that's lifting things up a
little bit.
>> It is. And the the other Korean plays
are actually also not
uh, dropping as the rotation has shifted
back to Samsung. It's probably not a
rotation. Samsung is just catching a
bid. Some of the other plays there like
Hyundai, SK Hynix, so those big also big
names are also up today. And
I wouldn't be surprised with the price
action you see today that by this time
tomorrow, it's possible. It's possible.
I'm just flagging this that Korea could
in fact overtake Taiwan.
>> Oh.
>> Uh, as the bigger market of the two sort
of AI darlings of the of the Asia
Pacific. There we go. Taiwan's SK Hynix
is up 3%. Uh, the other story just to
flag here as well, this melt-up in
yields globally. You had a massive
melt-up uh, in the gilt space.
Treasuries reacted obviously on the back
of the inflation print. And Asia's just
just following up on that move and
whether that's some of the bonds we're
seeing in Australia,
New Zealand, and the JGB space with that
hot headline coming through on the
20-year yield at 3 and 1/2% but it's
really a move across the board here
across the G10 space here.
>> Yep. Um, so certainly that's one thing
to watch here whether it's gilt markets,
JGB markets here in Of course, that US
inflation print is leading yields a
little bit higher here this morning. Uh,
let's go back to our top story now.
President Trump now on route to Beijing
for his highly anticipated meeting with
Chinese President Xi Jinping. In the
last few minutes, uh, as we just told
you, we've heard that Nvidia's Jensen
Huang is joining the visit as well.
Let's go now to Beijing and our chief
North Asia correspondent, Steve Engle,
is joining us. Also in Beijing is our
China correspondent, Min Min Lo. Steve,
I'll start with you. Jensen Huang
heading your way. What can we glean
about that?
>> Well, very interesting development
because the last we had heard he was not
going to go. Originally, we thought he
was going to go, then he wasn't going to
go, and now we are hearing from the
White House he is going to be heading
there at the invitation, of course, of
the White House delegation of Donald
Trump. So, that opens up a lot of
speculation as to what is indeed on the
table. The most advanced Nvidia
accelerators for AI, perhaps. Obviously,
both of these leaders, Xi Jinping and
Donald Trump, are looking for leverage,
and that is a big lever, obviously, that
the United States has. You know, on
Monday, you and I we talked about the Bs
and the Ts that each leader is going to
probably come to the table with. The Bs
for the United States being Boeing jets,
beef, the boards of trade,
and investment, also soybeans.
There's also a beautiful sunshiny day, a
blue sky days here in Beijing today.
Then, Taiwan, I've excuse me, China
wants the Ts. Obviously, Xi Jinping
wants to talk about Taiwan, but also,
and that's where I fold in Jensen Huang
here, technology and also tariffs are
the other ones that the Chinese
leadership would like a little bit more
clarity from Donald Trump in a very
short stay, really. Only about 36 hours
is he going to be here in the Chinese
capital starting later tonight, and then
at 10:15 in the morning, he will be
formally greeted at the Great Hall of
the People just down the moat from where
we are right now. And then also, the
following day on Friday, he's going to
have a working lunch with Xi Jinping.
They're going to have a lot of face
time, these two, over the next 36 hours,
but what are going to be the
deliverables? I find the fact that
Jensen Huang, when he was not going to
be coming and is now coming, indicates
that there could be
some significant deal announced. But
then again, we could all be wrong on
that as well. The United States has been
fairly transparent on what they want to
see out of this meeting. The Chinese
side has been far less transparent as
usual.
>> Well,
on that related note, Minmin, can I can
I bring you in here and as far as how
this is being covered and what we're
seeing on the ground there
in in Beijing, of course, where you also
are.
Just help us understand how this is
being framed.
>> Yeah, obviously, this is one of the most
important diplomatic event that China is
hosting this year. There has been plenty
of state media coverage, but
interestingly, you look at China Daily
today, the top story is not the Trump-Xi
summit. It is Sino-Tajik ties entering a
new phase. And here, a very small
sidebar here covering the Trump-Xi
summit. Uh perhaps a signal here that
the summit maybe is a little bit more
important to the US than to China. But
of course, the context here is that
Trump hasn't yet arrived, so perhaps
tomorrow we might see uh a more
prominent space taken up on the front
page of the newspaper. But the coverage
so far, I think, has really touted the
personal rapport, the personal
relationship between Trump and Xi. And
here, you have a full spread on the
second page, and it really highlighted
some of the examples, for example, from
Trump's first visit to China, where he
showed a video of his granddaughter
reciting some classical poems in
Mandarin, to which President Xi
responded that she deserves an A+ grade.
And that was uh cited especially in this
newspaper. And here you have President
uh
Trump and you have China both touting
that personal relationship. And overall,
the tone from these state media pieces
have been very optimistic, very
constructive, calling for the
stabilization of ties. And I think from
China's perspective, a win is not
necessarily going to come in the form of
a grand bargain, but really this is a
test of whether they the two men can
strike an equilibrium in the
relationship. And many of these state
media pieces also quoted a quote from
President Xi that he said said a long
time ago where there are a thousand
reasons why US and China should work
together and not a single one to break
that relationship.
>> Yeah, and Steve,
it's interesting when we talk about with
Jensen Huang there, changes maybe the
priorities of what the these two
economies and two leaders are going to
talk about here, right? But but with the
Iran discussion,
you know, China does have a unique sway
in all this given that, you know, the
relationship that that Beijing has with
Tehran. How do you think the Iran
discussion is going to play out overall
in these talks?
>> Well, I think it's going to be at the
background of all discussions, really,
because that's the great stress facing
the global economy right now. And China
likes a rules-based
global economy, multilateral approach.
It's highly export-reliant, so the
longer the war goes on, the longer oil
prices are above 100 bucks a barrel, the
more shocks there are to the entire
global trading system, and that goes
against the business model China has set
up. Yes, they have a lot of strategic
oil reserves that they are working off.
Yes, they have spent decades building up
a resiliency in the form of renewables,
but still they buy almost the bulk of
the exports of oil from
Iran.
So much of their oil that they, as the
net world's net biggest net importer of
oil, so much of that goes through the
Strait of Hormuz or did go through the
Strait of Hormuz. We're already seeing
Bloomberg data tracking supertanker
shipments to the to China
at like a six-year low over the next 90
days, those supertankers arriving at
Chinese ports. So they are, even though
the the conventional wisdom is that
China is sort of buffered more than the
rest of the world, they're still going
to be feeling that pain, no doubt. So
it will be discussed, even though Donald
Trump says, as he essentially was about
to board Air Force One to to China
saying, you know, it's not going to
necessarily and I'm paraphrasing, it's
not necessarily going to be the top
subject. It's not going to be a at the
top of the agenda, but at the same time
we've also heard Donald Trump talk about
he wants to have a long talk with Xi
Jinping about the war in Iran. So, it is
going to be discussed, no doubt. Now,
it's about levers and leverage between
these two leaders. And the other one
that I we haven't really brought up a
lot and that is China's lever that it
really harnessed last year and that was
rare earth, the so-called golden screws
of global manufacturing. And that is
something if push comes to shove, China
will flex that muscle again.
>> Yeah, and I think Yvonne brought up the
comment coming through out of Eurasia
earlier, right? They figured Trump out
and I think that's really one of the
the interpretations going into this
meeting. Minmin, again,
the risky window of looking at this
through the vantage point of social
media, what are you seeing there?
>> Yeah, this has been the number one
trending topic on Chinese social media
Weibo, but of course anything related to
presidency is extremely sensitive in
China. So, not a lot of comments on the
on there about presidency. I expected
would be scrubbed by the censors, but
some of the more prominent comments from
netizens surprisingly is focused on
Marco Rubio. There's a lot of surprise
from netizens saying, is that the man
that has been sanctioned by China? He is
stepping on Chinese soil. What is
happening? And there are also a bit of
resistance coming from many of these
Chinese netizens commenting on social
media just saying, you know, what is the
point of even having talks with
President Trump because his words can't
be trusted. He says one thing in the
morning, by the afternoon it's already
changed. Not my words, this are what
people are saying in China. And I think
this is particularly relevant here
against the backdrop of the Iran war,
right? As a cab driver told me
yesterday, he was saying there's this
sense of
"chi xiao guo" meaning big country
bullying a small country and there is
clearly this erosion of trust in
American leadership. But it's sort of a
different story if you talk to people in
the official circle. There is this sense
that China has matured and China has
become a little bit more confident. It
has cut its its teeth in the first trade
war. It's learned how to deal with
President Trump and his very mercurial
policy from the first year in his second
term as well. They have sharpened their
legal toolkit and know how to really
push back against what they see as
unjustified sanctions. They also
understand their real strength,
especially in rare earths and supply
chain. So there's this sense that China
is more confident that it is able to
stand their ground this time and that
perhaps the US needs China just as much
as China needs the US at this time.
>> Kim, fantastic work. Lots more, of
course, on the ground with our
full team there, of course, in Beijing.
Min-Min Low, our China correspondent,
and also Stephen Engle, of course, also
there with us as well. Heidi Swartz, of
course, is also helping our coverage
there
on the ground in Beijing ahead of this
extremely big meeting taking place.
Right, ahead of that, JP Morgan Asset
Management, what is the market overlay
here? We'll tell us why they believe the
meeting will focus more on keeping
things stable than these grand deals.
We'll dig into into the market's outlook
coming up next with Joanna Shun.
Right, welcome back. We're about 45
minutes into the mid midweek session
here. You have tech obviously dragging.
We have big earnings coming through out
of Baba and Tencent. Although the
concept of tech has evolved very
recently into what's more the ChinNext
index than it is the Hang Seng Tech
index, which has really outperformed in
the back of CATL and some of those other
hardware plays. The CSI 300 IT index has
also done
well over the last month or so.
Uh Uh so the self-sufficiency
theme and strategy has been working out
well um ahead of these big talks, of
course, uh in Beijing later today. And
of course, throughout the course of the
next what 2 days or so. Joining us here
on set to talk us through that and other
big market themes
globally is Joanna Joanna Chen, uh Emap
Equities Investment Specialist at J.P.
Morgan Asset Management. Good morning.
>> Good morning. Thanks for having me.
>> So this Why don't we start with Chinese
hardware? Because that seems to be a
pocket of the market that has been
embraced by by onshore investors. What's
going on there in your view? What's your
assessment of where that goes?
>> It's really about self tech
self-sufficiency, actually. It is an
area we've been incrementally positive
on as well. So we've been adding to
hardware names in the likes of optical
transceivers, servers,
um
SP equipment names. So it's really about
China building the self-sufficiency, not
relying on on the sort of US sort of
imports on that. And uh as you your your
your guest just talked about, you know,
the Trump and Xi uh meeting, it's all
about bilateral trade. And the China is
really after the Ts, the tariff relief
and technology advancement, especially
the uh GPUs and semiconductors. But
China has been doing their own sort of
self self self-reliance uh efforts. So
that's an area we've been focusing on.
>> In terms of
you know, what you're seeing across the
big tech, I think China big tech, is
that they're not playing the same way as
as these pure plays are doing, right?
But even though they have this whole
full stack capability when it comes to
AI. Do you think that's the right sort
of
move that the market is going Is that
the right sense that we should be
looking at these companies that
you know, the pure plays are still
better than the these platforms that
offer full stack capabilities when it
comes to AI?
>> it's a reflection of the AI evolution
stage. So right now we are at whatever
the early early innings of the AI, which
is more about the compute or
infrastructure or the models. So, by
nature, US or Korea or Taiwan markets,
they are more sort of a fertile ground
for that type of stock opportunities.
Whereas, China thrives is more on
application layer. So, I think the
opportunities for China on the
application layer will come over time.
>> What about the other plays in the
region?
Korea, Taiwan. I'm curious where do you
think we're in a bubble? And when you
talk to clients, are they receptive to
still building exposure there or are
they also themselves quite cautious
right now at these levels?
>> Yeah, I think the sort of debate on AI
bubble has been going on for three
consecutive years. If you believed in
the year one two three years ago, you
would have missed all the trade.
So, um so, the topic actually evolved as
well, right? Starting from the debate on
AI secular longevity, then moving on to
this sort of capex build out, whether
that's sustainable, then sort of moving
on to debating whether this
sky-high capex can translate into
sustainable ROI. So, the key thing
really is about whether we have seen the
agentic AI they have making their ways
into the workflows for individuals and
corporates unlocking the productivity
gains. So, we firmly firmly believe
we're still in the early adoption AI
trade phase. So, the key question here
to ask is really how AI can boost
productivity gain. So, um let's say
um the GDP growth comes from three
components. One is the total
uh factor productivity, second is labor,
third is capital. So, AI agents,
arguably, is the first technology in
decades that can supercharge the labor
inputs. So, if you and I, we can work
with dozens of AI agents, um you you to
mobilize them, why can't we see a
productivity expansion by two times, 10
times? I think that's the crux of this
issue right now. But having said that,
make
making
>> of that, though.
>> Yeah, but but
>> Or little sign of that.
>> little sign of that. Just just ask
yourself, you know, how many AI LLM you
are using, how are you embracing AI in
your daily work? I do find myself 15 to
20% more productive compared to 6 months
ago. So I think the direction of travel
is very positive, but make more mis- no
mistake. Uh some of the AI names,
especially the hardware names, the semi
names, they are trading at elevated
valuation, 60 times 2030 earnings. So
the key thing for investors is it's not
that there's there isn't a full-blown AI
bubble investors should shun away from.
What investors should focus on instead
is to prioritize risk management, rotate
selectively, and anchor their portfolio
with AI's long-term value migration.
>> Um
the the earnings expectations
do you think that that can be delivered?
I mean, you were looking at 32% earnings
growth.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that going to be a high bar, you
think, for some of these these other
hyperscalers or hardware companies or AI
companies?
>> Yeah, so the reason why Asian equities
has been so strong this year is actually
really backed by
strong earnings growth.
And with AI as a structural backbone, so
consensus is looking at 32% earnings
growth this year.
And this is basically driven by one
tailwind, that is AI. So you look at the
top five US hyperscalers, their AI capex
this year is expected to be 800 billion
US dollar, and a huge portion of that
will flow into AI supply chain. So you
look at a 1 gigawatt data center, 40% of
that capex will be in Asia supply chain.
It's not just about semiconductors, it's
almost in every part of the supply
chain, optical transceivers, power
management, cooling equipment, PCBs, you
name it. So, that's why the earnings
revision is so parabolic. So, that's why
we are seeing this a strong earnings
driven growth here in Asian equities.
But, having said that, um
there are some headwinds. First is on
the earnings delivery. So, we if we look
at valuation for Asian equities, it's
about 13, 14 times on the PE matrix, not
too demanding. However, it looks a
little bit rich on PB price to book
ratio. As earnings has grown, the ROE of
Asian equity has been 15%. So, the
question is not whether the valuation is
expensive. It is about whether Asian
companies can deliver this earnings
expectation. And secondly, I think it's
it's about Iran situation right now.
Market hasn't priced in the tightness of
the energy supply. So, if oil price stay
at elevated level, there is possibility
that it will erode margins either
through higher input prices or demand
destruction.
>> So, what's the It's It's clear that one
can't afford to not be in AI, but what's
the What's What's the bar What's the
hedge? What's the other part of the
barbell strategy?
>> I think the other thing is, you know,
you are you are sort of old boring kind
of defensive also the called halo
investment ideas. So, the reads that the
telco So, for example, telco names in
Asia Pacific region, we are actually
seeing consolidation. The Australian
telco, Korean telco, Taiwanese telco, we
are seeing our pool growth. So, these
companies are delivering us 5 to 6%
dividend growth, high single-digit
earnings growth as well. So, that's one
of the hedge.
>> Mhm.
All right. Joana, thank you so much.
Joana Chan there, EM equities investment
specialist at JP Morgan Asset
Management. In terms of what Asian
markets are doing here as we get to that
break, of course, we continue to see
some bright spots here when it comes to
Japan as well as the Kospi here. Look,
we're up about 1%. Samsung seems to have
recovered here after that news that
Jensen Huang, the Nvidia boss, is on
board Air Force One heading to Beijing
after being picked up in Alaska. But
yes, you're seeing when it comes to
Greater China markets here today, a bit
of downside here in the Hang Seng. We're
lower by about 100 points right now.
This is Bloomberg.
All right, we're checking some movers
here this morning. Nidec in Japan is
falling some 15% after the company
identified more cases of improper
conduct. And this is already
a company that's been dealing with a
scandal. So now it's spreading to the
product quality, and that's where all
the concerns are from the sell-side.
Kakaku, that one is actually doing a
really well. We're up about 16% here.
So what we're seeing is that EQT AB said
it plans to launch a tender offer
for Kakaku at a premium, of course, to
the last closing price here. So they're
talking about $19.04
per share. You take a look at what comes
to Indonesia. So MSCI made some changes
there. So they did cut remove some of
the Indonesian stocks linked to the
country's richest billionaires from its
indices. This is following that warning
last month that it will remove companies
with concentrated ownership. So that's
why you're seeing all of these falling
quite dramatically here this morning. So
that certainly is one thing to watch.
There you go, it continues there for two
two boards. But yes, that's one thing
that deletions that were happening
that's driving some of the outflows out
of Jakarta, but we're watching very
closely what's happening in Beijing as
President Trump arrives tonight. This is
Bloomberg.
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to lunch break in just a
moment. So, the latest really has been
what's going on in the JGB market. Right
now, we have the 20-year yield now back
to levels that we haven't seen since
1997, about 350 levels here right now.
That could be what we're seeing, you
know, given what we saw in the UK, you
know, gilt markets. Also, you have that
US CPI print, which was pretty hot. Now,
there is that possibility now of a
possible hikes from the Fed being priced
in for next year. So, that certainly is
one thing to contend with, but equity
markets are still doing quite well. Look
at the topics are up about 1% here.
We're flat when it comes to the
currency.
Scott Bessent has left and now heading
to Seoul to meet with Holly Fong, of
course, to try to iron out some of these
details ahead of the two leaders meeting
in Beijing this time tomorrow, right?
We're talking about exactly around 24
hours from now, David.
>> Yeah, lots of folks on the plane
right now looking to iron out, of
course, and hopefully going into some
big announcements. We'll see what
happens there.
And it's quite I guess in some ways
it's coincidental, certainly, but it's
quite apt that we're looking at Korea
because that is a market that continues
to dominate at least the equity market
headlines today. And you know, the
reason why we're not doing as badly
right now is Korea's actually flipped
largely positive on the back of Samsung
is now flipped largely positive on the
back of I think we were down what over
5% if I'm not mistaken
in the early minutes. But yes, news that
Jensen Huang is in fact with President
Trump on board Air Force One via Alaska,
where they picked him up en route to
Beijing, has helped lift the overall
tide there. But yes, you know, the
tech conversation is going to be very
compelling to watch given
who's on that plane, Ivon, and I guess
what could be on deck. But it's also
worth pointing out that
you know, you Jensen Huang
can access the Chinese market using some
products, not all. Whether China wants
those products or not, the cutting edge
cutting edge one obviously they want to.
>> Yeah.
>> But it's it it it it really depends on
how quickly China's built up itself
reliance on this.
>> Yeah. And the fact that they're building
cheaper models in the like is that they
don't actually need some of these
advanced chips to to kind of go through
and build their their their their
applications in the like. So I mean it's
interesting too, right? The fact that
he's going as a last minute addition it
seemed he got picked up in Alaska on the
way
to Beijing. I love the White House
spokesman said, "Look, you know, just
you know, it's something just you know,
it just figured it they figured it out."
Um with Jensen's schedule here. But yes,
what does that mean for the agenda,
right? Certainly that means maybe some
of the priorities that we thought going
into this have changed. Maybe here is
these tech export controls and chip
curbs really going to be on the table
here and of course, you know, Jensen
Huang is going to be lobbying for that.
Certainly the loosening of those curbs.
Certainly the US has done that. Is China
going to play ball is the key question
as Dave mentioned, right? So they're
they're meeting of course to extend this
existing truce here that keeps tariffs
below so-called liberation day levels.
And a lot has changed when it comes to
the the tariff discussion here, right?
You had the Supreme Court ruling earlier
this year. We've basically now seeing
when it comes to US effective tariff
rates on China is around already 20%
which is already a low in this whole
kind of Trump 2.0 sort of of part of the
trade war here. You think back to what
we saw basically during the April 2025
peak, yeah, we were talking 125 140%
tariffs. So when that discussion has
actually, you know, in terms of the
temperature has been brought down quite
substantially here. And you take a look
at just the value of China's exports to
the to the over the past two years or
so. The high was during this period of
2024, right? We've seen this
relationship basically now break down in
a little way, right? Just before, you
know, that was before Trump became you
know, came to office, and now we're
below those levels uh substantially
here. You're seeing that in the trade
data as well, right? When it comes to
Chinese exports to the US, I think we're
at historic lows right now. But, China,
Dave, as you've been looking at, has
other key weapons in their trade war
arsenal.
>> Yeah, I think we've talked a lot about
this already, right? The
The The industrial policy that's managed
to get China to a point where its supply
chain is just unparalleled
globally is really where I think some of
the advantages are. And I think, you
know, despite of course conversations
around certain parts of the export
market in China of China reeling
slightly be decoupled, and of course
COVID also obviously helped uh further
that trend of the China plus one
strategy. In some ways, the supply chain
that China presents has driven back a
lot of that capacity back into China,
and we've now seen exports effectively
surge from last year. Case in point is
what I was talking about there, right?
Exports last year, you have EVs. And
now, on top of that,
the latest numbers this uh actually came
out for April and the trade numbers like
you're looking at chip exports, right?
31 billion
uh out of China in in in April, right?
Compare that to where we were April of
last year. That's about a 100% jump from
last year. So, in many ways, despite the
fact that you are seeing some decoupling
here, the the incentives that Donald
Trump has put in for their the US tech
companies to further their CapEx
investments has actually benefited the
likes of China, for example. We talked
about Korea and this massive export
surge we're seeing. And these current
accounts in the Asia-Pacific are
effectively blowing up. Uh the other
area, of course, where China does have
the upper hand going into this, and I
think we really saw this in a very
pronounced way last year is is in rare
earths, right? And the US still despite
of course some of the efforts that they
have been putting in place there is
still years away from being able to
replicate or disentangle themselves from
reliance on China. This chart
illustrates and just very quickly here
in terms of the colors you're looking at
here, white and orange illustrate
China's dominance in that those parts of
the industry. Those colors represent
production in mainland China and in
other places and facilities controlled
by China. So, these are I guess to no
pun intended here, Von, the the trump
cards that China has at its disposal in
case of course they they choose to
use that specific leverage this time
around of course.
>> Yeah, that certainly is going to be the
key, you know, as we talked about,
right? It seems like China the Chinese
have figured that out when it comes
to to solving Trump they say according
to Eurasia Group
and why perhaps you know, President Xi
is is entering into these talks perhaps
on stronger footing. Let's let's bring
in Fabien Villalobos, professor of
policy analysis and senior engineer at
the think tank Rand.
Fabien, it's really great to have you. I
know your your expertise is on rare
earths and I'm I'm wondering here
you know, as we enter into these talks,
how much do you think China's going to
be flexing that muscle this time around?
>> I think that's that'll be entirely the
case.
The strategic pause that was put in
place in the October 9th export
restrictions that were announced by
China's Ministry of
Commerce
are still on the books,
but of course they they were agreed to
to pause those and those were a step
a step increase compared to the the
previous export controls that were
announced in April and in July of last
year.
And so
that extra territoriality
that expansion of extra territoriality
extra territoriality
uh still a possibility,
uh and are still um a weapon in China's
arsenal.
>> Do you think they use it
at you know, in these upcoming talks
though?
>> Um
I believe so. They were They were part
of the
um
talks back in in October.
And so,
um the the possibilities that they could
roll them back,
remove that announcement from the the
MOFCOM
uh website, um
you know, or
they could be used as
um
as part of a broader trade
uh for uh US technology export controls
as well
um
to come to
a a truce in in terms of technology
competition between the two countries.
>> And and everyone's, you know, kind of
try to guess really how wide that gap is
between the US and China in terms of the
the tech edge that the the US has.
I know you've been doing some studies
here
uh of different forecasting methods,
whether it's with the panel of experts
or crowd of generalists.
Uh but you're estimating China's chances
of building its own advanced chip-making
capabilities and and equipment. Can you
walk us through kind of what what you
saw and how it all worked out?
>> Right. So,
uh there was two studies, one uh
on deep UV and one on extreme UV. Um
the
the the
example for extreme UV is uh
a prediction that China will reach a
domestic capacity by the year 2030.
Um both our panel of experts and our
trained forecasters
uh
predicted that China would not be able
to achieve that um at a at a
commercially viable capacity. Now, um
there are some caveats because there are
some percentages there. The experts
weighed in um
in that uh they had they gave China a a
smaller chance of doing so. The uh
forecasters
uh gave them a a larger percentage of of
uh being able to do so. But, um both
both
parties
um ended up uh uh
not seeing that as favorable. Um does
that mean what did that mean for DUV
though? Um there have been advances for
for DUV
uh lithography um slow but steady um and
that targets a smaller uh
a smaller bandwidth of uh of nanometer
size that you can use for chip
production.
And maybe that is something that
continues to make progress slowly but
but surely between now and then.
>> Right. So, what where So, in 5 years'
time, let's let's extrapolate
into in into that time frame,
what bottlenecks or gaps do you think
Chinese policy will be able to cover uh
and unlock as far as bottlenecks are
concerned? And what remain what will
remain sticking points in as far as the
semiconductor uh points on the
semiconductor supply chain uh is
concerned? As far as China is concerned
specifically.
>> Um I'm not uh a semiconductor expert.
I'm a I'm a uh
a methods uh expert in this area. I'm
more of a of a minerals expert. So, I'll
stick to that uh topic.
>> Sure.
Okay. So, let me let me rephrase the
question then and perhaps put it in more
broader terms. Morgan Stanley had a very
good projection and some data. So, uh
China's gone from almost completely
reliant on external
uh technologies on chips 5 years ago to
almost completely self-reliant
in 5 years' time. How do you think that
will shape the relationship between the
two over the next over the next 5 years.
>> Well, I think that's that'll definitely
be a heavy factor.
China's China's main goals are are
techno self-reliance in order to reduce
its own
dependencies on on foreign inputs
and as well at the same time to gather
market share
in in those same industries that that it
then acquires product and capability
for.
And so
maybe that's
that's different for for different
cases.
In an automotive sector maybe you don't
need as many
as much advanced
capacity for for AI
activities
in some areas in other areas you will
you'll need them for
for automating autonomous vehicles for
example.
But China has already demonstrated that
it has a
advanced
autonomous vehicle industry and so that
that current capacity is is already
being utilized and that can be directed
as a demand signal for internal domestic
producers of these chips which would
also places
increasing demand on domestic production
capacity in that
has been
a coordinating policy for for the PRC.
>> Fabian, thank you so much. Fabian
Villalobos there professor of policy
analysis and senior engineer at the
think tank Rand. You can watch that
specific interview on the Bloomberg
video hub in case you missed that or
other things you might have missed.
We've been covering these broad topics
of course ahead of these massive talks
taking through
coming through in Beijing later today.
Stay tuned for that of course and on the
Bloomberg video app, check it out on
bloomberg.com  videos.
All right, you have
two of China's biggest tech companies
reporting earnings today, Alibaba and
Tencent. So, I'm going to take
a bit of a backseat given everything
else that's taken place globally.
And of course, the concept of tech has
certainly taken a new form with this new
generation of tech companies in China,
but that is to say these are also quite
important in what they say about how
they're looking to use
AI and how that's affecting their own
businesses and outlook. Bloomberg
Intelligence says that they're, you
know, free cash flow margin pressures on
their spend on AI probably will show up
in these earnings. Robert Lee is with us
here on set, senior analyst to talk us
through here. Yeah, so what what are we
looking at here, Robert?
>> Okay, well, if you remember back to last
quarter's earnings, it was Tencent in
inverted commas caused an upset because
they announced a doubling of their AI
investment spend
at the same time pulling back their
share buybacks
with no real guidance or visibility on
when that investment will deliver a
return. So, the market didn't take that
particularly positively, but I think
this time around the focus will be more
on Alibaba for positive reasons given
the very strong growth in their cloud
business. The top line growth should
accelerate to around, you know, close to
40%. But the issue for Alibaba, and just
to quote a couple of numbers, their opex
for this quarter based on consensus
numbers is going to rise about 35%
whereas the gross margin will be up only
3%, revenue only 4%. So, in other words,
we've got an ongoing heavy margin
squeeze
as a result of the intense price
competition in the e-commerce sector,
which remains the rump of their
business, and also this rising AI
investment spend. So, the key question
for investors is at what point will we
see a positive return on these
investments? It's hard to see in the
near term.
>> What about a genetic AI? Is that going
to drive earnings for Alibaba?
>> It's I think as I've said, you know, for
the best part of 2 years, AI is a driver
of sentiment and maybe hype on the China
tech sector, Alibaba in particular. But,
the reality is it's an e-commerce
business whose core revenues are under
massive pressure. Um so, the bulk of its
earnings are derived from e-commerce,
where we've seen intense price pressure.
Uh and whereas the contribution from the
AI business is increasing, the margins
are very, very low. Cloud margins are 9%
or so.
In contrast to someone like Amazon Web
Services, where, you know, margins are
30, 35%.
So, the contribution is nowhere near
enough uh high enough to offset the
ongoing um
margin pressure in e-commerce. At the
same time, they're increasing their
investment spend. And a genetic AI,
given the very, very low pricing on API
in China, is penetration pricing, is a
loss-making business. So, really, we're
still in the investment phase. We're not
seeing any positive financial return,
hence the margin squeeze, hence the very
big squeeze on free cash flow.
>> So, how how long do we have to wait?
And longer might not necessarily be, you
know, necessarily a bad thing, because
this is, of course, a new input that
these businesses are really
baking into just very widespread
businesses here.
>> I mean, even in the words of management
at Alibaba, in other words, this is we
don't we don't particularly care about
the margins at the moment. We're
investing for the long term, but they've
not given a timeline or guidance on when
that return will come through. But,
don't forget these, you know, Tencent
and Alibaba are China's two largest
listed tech companies. China has an
overriding AI strategy called AI Plus,
it which aims to proliferate AI across
every sector and province city
economies. The private sector companies
have to play their part and therefore
they're effectively subsidizing that
national rollout
by offering very very low pricing by
foregoing profit and margin
and therefore shareholders will not get
the benefit of that in the near term.
>> Robert, thank you Robert Lee there, our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst on
what he expects when it comes to
the two big internet giants. Of course,
subscribers can also turn to your
terminal for more on those Tencent and
Alibaba earnings. T-Live Go is your
function for the latest updates plus
commentary and analysis from our expert
editors. This is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. So, energy is is set to be very
high on the agenda as President Trump
meets his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping
in in Beijing over the next few days.
And the war in Iran is certainly jolting
oil markets. Washington, of course, digs
in digs in against renewables and
China's racing ahead installing get this
nearly three quarters of the world's new
offshore wind turbines.
>> Our chief Asia correspondent Steven
Engle visited the South China Sea for a
look at the world's largest floating
wind platform.
>> China is pushing further into renewable
energy in part by pushing further out to
sea and by pushing the boundaries of
wind technology. Roughly 70 km off the
coast of Guangdong in the South China
Sea, reached via a rather rough 2 and
1/2 hour speedboat ride, I think I'm
getting wet.
Sprouts a seemingly endless forest of
towering wind turbines, including the
Jinjo 4 wind farm, owned and operated by
Ming Yang Smart Energy. It's 52 100-m
tall turbines at full tilt in stiffer
open sea winds provide a combined 500 MW
of energy generating capacity.
>> With war in the Middle East roiling
global oil markets and severe
overcapacity hindering solar, China is,
well,
leaning into wind.
>> Bloomberg NEF says China is installing
nearly three out of every four of the
world's new offshore turbines as it
builds up its energy resilience through
renewables like hydro, solar, and wind
power. But, there are concerns, in
particular with solar, that China's
building too much capacity. In a
sluggish economy, it's cheaper to rely
on coal, which still fuels more than
half of China's power production.
>> I think it will gradually going to
substitute
the way the way the rapid deployment of
a renewable energy, we are going to
substitute those coal-powered plants.
It takes time.
>> China is diversifying, right? They're
investing a lot in renewables. They're
doing a lot in clean tech. You could
argue they've gone ahead of the United
States in that space, and we are paying
catch-up to China.
>> It's a race though President Trump has
no intention of even participating in.
>> They ruin the environment. They kill the
birds. They kill the whales. China makes
all the windmills. The only problem is
they don't have wind farms. They sell
them to the suckers over in Europe.
>> Europe is no doubt a big focus of Ming
Yang's with its chairman telling
Bloomberg he's considering building a
wind turbine factory in Spain after the
UK blocked its plans for a $2 billion
facility in Scotland with the UK citing
risks to national security.
>> We find it very surprising that the
British government dealt with a purely
commercial matter in a politicized
manner. This is not only unfair to Ming
Yang, but also undermines the confidence
of Chinese companies in entering the
British market.
>> China, in its newly adopted five-year
plan is targeting to double offshore
wind capacity by the end of this decade,
aided by technology like this, a
double-headed turbine offshore. It's the
largest floating turbine in the world,
allowing China to go further offshore
and into deeper ocean. This could be
MingYang's calling card to overseas
clients seeking alternative energy
sources. The floating OceanX, towed into
place and tethered to the South China
seabed. Open-sea testing was completed
just this month with pledged energy
capacity nearly double that of the
largest existing design.
>> This is primarily about economics. If we
put a larger capacity on a single
floating platform, the cost can then be
reduced.
>> It's a towering reminder that China is
securing its dominance of yet another
clean energy industry. As the median
Chinese turbine price, while increasing,
is still about 45% lower than western
turbines outside China. Pricing power to
potentially undercut the competition
amid a worldwide energy shock. Stephen
Engle, Bloomberg News, in the South
China Sea.
>> Great reporting from Steve there. We're
checking some and got me a bit seasick,
too. Yeah.
But that that wind platform just behind
>> Dizzily good package there.
>> Anyways, I'm taking a movers here. We'll
look at EV stocks in particular
>> in China. So, Morgan Stanley has been
flagging some of these weekly orders
that they've seen. Post-holiday weekly
orders plunged for some of the EV
makers. That's probably why you're
seeing Geely Auto fall as much as 5%. Of
course, we've been tracking the earning
side of things. PotM is now in a
negative story here. We're 2.6% down.
They're talking about costly raw
materials curbing margins now. This is
Bloomberg.